NC-4385: [turnstile] Add new languages (#13613)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/turnstile/reference/supported-languages.md

# Supported languages

> Turnstile supports `auto` (default), which uses the visitor's browser language if supported. Also supports explicitly setting the widget's language to one listed in the table below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turnstile supports `auto` (default), which uses the visitor's browser language if it is supported. You can also explicitly set the widget's language to one listed on the table below:
```

> Turnstile supports `auto` (default), which uses the vistiors browser language if supported. Also supports and explicitly setting the languages of the widget listed in the table below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Turnstile supports `auto` (default), which uses the visitor's browser language if supported. Also supports explicitly setting the widget's language to one listed in the table below:
```

> Turnstile supports `auto` (default), which uses the visitor's browser language if it is supported. You can also explicitly set the widget's language to one listed on the table below:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turnstile supports `auto` (default), which uses the visitor's browser language if it is supported. You can also explicitly set the widget's language to one listed on the table below:

Turnstile supports `auto` (default) based on your browser language, and the languages listed in the table below.

{{<Aside type="note">}}
To request Turnstile support for a language not listed below or submit feedback on a translation error, you can fill out [this form](link).
{{</Aside>}}
```

> | Language Code (4 letter) | Langauge Code (2 letter) | Language |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Language Code (4 letters) | Language Code (2 letters) | Language |
```

> | Language Code (4 letters) | Language Code (2 letters) | Language |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Language code (4 letters) | Language code (2 letters) | Language |
```

| --- | --- | --- |

> | ar-eg | ar | Arabic (Egypt) |
> | bg-bg | bg | Bulgarian (Bulgaria) |
> | cs-cz | cs | Czech (Czech Republic) |
> | da-dk | da | Danish (Denmark) |
> | de-de | de | German (Germany) |
> | el-gr | el | Greek (Greece) |
> | en-us | en | English (United States) |
> | es-es | es | Spanish (Spain) |
> | fa-ir | fa | Farsi (Iran) |
> | fi-fi | fi | Finnish (Finland) |
> | fr-fr | fr | French (France) |
> | he-il | he | Hebrew (Israel) |
> | hi-in | hi | Hindi (India) |
> | hr-hr | hr | Croatian (Croatia) |
> | hu-hu | hu | Hungarian (Hungary) |
> | id-id | id | Indonesian (Indonesia) |
> | it-it | it | Italian (Italy) |
> | ja-jp | ja | Japanese (Japan) |
> | ko-kr | ko | Korean (Korea) |
> | lt-lt | lt | Lithuanian (Lithuania) |
> | ms-my | ms | Malay (Malaysia) |
> | nb-no | nb | Norwegian Bokmål (Norway) |
> | nl-nl | nl | Dutch (Netherlands) |
> | pl-pl | pl | Polish (Poland) |
> | pt-br | pt | Portuguese (Brazil) |
> | ro-ro | ro | Romanian (Romania) |
> | ru-ru | ru | Russian (Russia) |
> | sk-sk | sk | Slovak (Slovakia) |
> | sl-si | sl | Slovenian (Slovenia) |
> | sr-ba | sr | Serbian (Bosnia and Herzegovina) |
> | sv-se | sv | Swedish (Sweden) |
> | th-th | th | Thai (Thailand) |
> | tlh | -- | Klingon (Qo'noS) |
> | tr-tr | tr | Turkish (Turkey) |
> | uk-ua | uk | Ukrainian (Ukraine) |
> | vi-vn | vi | Vietnamese (Vietnam) |
> | zh-cn | zh | Chinese (Simplified, China) |
> | zh-tw | -- | Chinese (Traditional, Taiwan) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ar-eg` | `ar` | Arabic (Egypt) |
| `bg-bg` | `bg` | Bulgarian (Bulgaria) |
| `cs-cz` | `cs` | Czech (Czech Republic) |
| `da-dk` | `da` | Danish (Denmark) |
| `de-de` | `de` | German (Germany) |
| `el-gr` | `el` | Greek (Greece) |
| `en-us` | `en` | English (United States) |
| `es-es` | `es` | Spanish (Spain) |
| `fa-ir` | `fa` | Farsi (Iran) |
| `fi-fi` | `fi` | Finnish (Finland) |
| `fr-fr` | `fr` | French (France) |
| `he-il` | `he` | Hebrew (Israel) |
| `hi-in` | `hi` | Hindi (India) |
| `hr-hr` | `hr` | Croatian (Croatia) |
| `hu-hu` | `hu` | Hungarian (Hungary) |
| `id-id` | `id` | Indonesian (Indonesia) |
| `it-it` | `it` | Italian (Italy) |
| `ja-jp` | `ja` | Japanese (Japan) |
| `ko-kr` | `ko` | Korean (Korea) |
| `lt-lt` | `lt` | Lithuanian (Lithuania) |
| `ms-my` | `ms` | Malay (Malaysia) |
| `nb-no` | `nb` | Norwegian Bokmål (Norway) |
| `nl-nl` | `nl` | Dutch (Netherlands) |
| `pl-pl` | `pl` | Polish (Poland) |
| `pt-br` | `pt` | Portuguese (Brazil) |
| `ro-ro` | `ro` | Romanian (Romania) |
| `ru-ru` | `ru` | Russian (Russia) |
| `sk-sk` | `sk` | Slovak (Slovakia) |
| `sl-si` | `sl` | Slovenian (Slovenia) |
| `sr-ba` | `sr` | Serbian (Bosnia and Herzegovina) |
| `sv-se` | `sv` | Swedish (Sweden) |
| `th-th` | `th` | Thai (Thailand) |
| `tlh` | -- | Klingon (Qo'noS) |
| `tr-tr` | `tr` | Turkish (Turkey) |
| `uk-ua` | `uk` | Ukrainian (Ukraine) |
| `vi-vn` | `vi` | Vietnamese (Vietnam) |
| `zh-cn` | `zh` | Chinese (Simplified, China) |
| `zh-tw` | -- | Chinese (Traditional, Taiwan) |
```

# Supported languages

Turnstile supports `auto` (default), which uses the visitor's browser language if it is supported. You can also explicitly set the widget's language to one listed on the table below:

> {{<Aside type="note">}}
> To request Turnstile support for a language not listed below or submit feedback on a translation error, you can fill out [this form](link).
> {{</Aside>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
